hello everyone it is the end of the
gauntlet I'm joined right now by Styx a
after an unfortunate loss to cloud nine
stakes a obviously not the result you
guys wanted today you know how are
things going on the team
I think everyone's pretty pretty downed
right now and I mean yeah it kind of
sucks that we lost but I mean for me
personally I'm I'm just pretty proud of
like the progress that we made in the
past couple weeks
given the we I mean we probably had the
worst circumstance of any team going
into the Golan just the fact that we I
think we're the only team to actually
switch out a member that's so late into
the split and I'm pretty proud of
everyone I think everyone just had a
really really good attitude really good
mindset towards everything and we
improved a lot and yeah sucks we can win
but I'm still pretty happy with our
progress so why do you think it is a you
guys didn't win today there's a lot of
small things I think for most of the
time when we were we started using Omar
we were trying to teach you know the
fundamentals all that stuff and I think
we got that done pretty well and ended
up today just being the small things
because I mean most other teams have all
the fundamentals down especially ec9
they've been together for a long time
they should have all the fundamentals
down so they're working on all the small
things all the time but for us it's like
we had to start from the very base of
everything so obviously they do better
than us at the small things so
specifically in this match what held you
guys back like what were the issues that
you saw on stage or kind of thinking
back to what specifically kept you from
getting the victory I just think our
decisiveness and general was kind of off
and maybe we're not confident enough to
do things when we can do them so but I
mean I have to go back and look at the
games to know exactly what happened so
what's the next thing for you guys
obviously you have a pretty decent long
break over the next couple of months but
you know what are you looking into the
offseason what do you see for yourself I
mean the offseason I I don't really know
yet I know we have a fan meeting New
York pretty soon so we're gonna do that
and then yeah I don't really know I
don't think I've ever had a long
offseason like this because the only
last year I played I went to world so
did all that but yeah I haven't really
had a season yet where I didn't good
world so is my first one so what do you
expect to see in terms of all the crazy
Ross
swapping and all that kind of thing do
you expect us to have a more stable
offseason than last year do you think
we'll see a lot of movement in different
changes I think it's kind of hard to
know I think maybe it'll be a little
crazy this offseason and then maybe the
next offseason will be more stable so I
feel like it since franchising is uh
happening next year so very good well is
there anything that you would like to
say to any of the fans
oh yeah just thanks for supporting us as
always so I really guys down but yeah we
definitely tried our hardest I don't
know we I thought we did pretty well
given the circumstance we're in and we
really really did try so that's are we
lost
no this was mostly a serious interview I
do have one extra serious question to
ask you here at the end what does it
deal with everybody spilling cups on
their keyboards and their mice and their
computer stuff why is this keep
happening what is happening uh so for me
the cups that we use like the lid of it
I always I always drink something and
then when I'm putting it down it like
falls out of the cuffs on how like
midair and but I think that other people
are actually just knocking over their
cups I don't know but yeah I spilled a
couple times on stage too and it's
always just like I'm taking a drink and
then I'm putting the drink down it just
flies out the top and I'm just like how
does it happen but I think everyone else
is actually just knocking over the drink
somehow I don't know so maybe for you at
least they haven't done the best job of
acquiring the best cups yeah definitely
gonna have to go over that one in my
players association thing yeah is there
a big enough is there enough space is
that why people are knocking over the
cups do you think is it it's like too
constrained and so it's too easy to
knock it over
I think there's I think is enough space
I don't know I don't know it's just I
think people I'm usually when you like
walk back to Lane and stuff you're
trying to drink and put it down really
fast and you're like oh should I spilled
it on accident or something so so no
theories on why why it's like knocking
over or whatever oh yeah I don't know
about that one that's just spaghetti
well thank you for the interview
it's been informative in different areas
of course and looking forward to see
what the offseason holds for you stick
safe everyone else you can check out the
rest of my coverage all the way leading
up to Worlds right here on my youtube
channel
everyone I am updating my support page I
appreciate all the support that I've
been given so far but I'm coming up with
some options that don't include
necessarily spending money because a lot
of people have been asking for that so
you check out all that new stuff over at
Travis Khafre DICOM slash support